This is the first of 100 wells
we're going to build in this video.
Wow! Water!
Water!
- Oh.
- Oh, crap.
You just witnessed a small village
in Kenya get access to
unlimited clean drinking
water in less than a second.
One down, 99 more wells in Africa
to go.
You're going to love this video.
Combined,
these 100 wells are going
to give around half a million people
fresh water to drink.
And after building some more wells
on the side of Kenya,
we flew south
to the school system of Nairiri.
And let's just say
they were really happy to see us.
How's it going?
I was not expecting this.
Thank you for the welcome.
¡Jimmy! ¡Jimmy!
¡Jimmy!
Not sure how to react.
I appreciate it, everybody.
This village threw
a welcome ceremony upon our arrival
and Nolan got really into it.
Nolan's the most awkward person
I've ever met.
And that's a lot coming from me.
And after being shown
around the school. Yeah.
Here comes our guest.
How's it going?
Are you having a good day?
It's nice meeting you all.
Have a good day.
One of the teachers showed me
where the students
currently get their water,
which is from this river,
that's extremely unsafe to drink.
This is where your students
used to get water from?
Yes.
This is crazy.
Yeah.
You know, students complaining of
diarrhea, infections like typhoid,
because this is the water
we've been using.
So we tried to treat.
But you see, look at it, you know.
But at the end of the day,
life has to move on.
You have to get some water anyway.
This situation
is obviously extremely sad.
These children's
lives are being limited
and sometimes cut short for
being forced to drink unsafe water.
But at least for this village,
we're going to
put an end to it right now.
I don't think this John's going to fit.
I have a big head.
Let's see if we can find some water.
It's raining.
It's beautiful.
After the water
comes out of the ground,
it's fed into enormous barrels
like this one.
And once they're built
into the water towers,
all of the neighboring villages
will not only have clean
drinking water,
but a pressurized water
source as well, which, in short,
means no more doing laundry
in unsafe water.
And pull!
On a scale of one to Nolan's mom,
how heavy is it?
Nolan's mom times two.
Oh, God.
I'll push you off of this.
All right, here
we go. Under control.
We built 20 more wells in Kenya,
and after we were done,
Bro has another well in there.
Don't worry, I have more water
in my other shoe.
Just so you know how we built these
first 29 wells...
We use this giant drill to dig
hundreds of feet into the ground,
past the polluted sources,
and into an enormous
aquifer of pure, drinkable water.
After that,
we spend time installing pipes
so that people all around Africa
can access water from spigots
like this one in Nairiri.
Let's see how it taste.
Like water.
It took me about a minute to fill
this five gallon drum.
How much water can this provide
a day?
3600 gallons a day.
Not only will
this well cover
the 400 kids at the school,
but literally
the entire neighborhood
and village around
this school can use this well.
We say thank you for the water.
No problem.
This thing can basically
pump nonstop for 30 years.
You would think that
having an effect of this magnitude
would require the resources
and funding of a large government.
But that's not true.
Solving this problem is possible
and it's something humanity should
all be putting effort in to fix.
What's the secret of success?
To be honest,
just find something you love doing
and do it for a long period
and eventually you'll succeed.
So I'm going to bring it
super close. See us?
- Isn't that cool?
- Yes.
If you look up, it's recording.
All right.
well, I'm going to get close.
Yeah, you can see yourself.
We were also able to install a
well for this village.
In this village
and these 12 other villages.
And while we were finishing these wells,
we were also able to update
one of their schools
with brand new computers.
- How are they liking it?
- They really like.
- They like them.
- Glad to see it turned out well.
And we also updated the classrooms
with new
furniture, installed shelves
and filled them with new books,
donated a soccer ball
for every student,
- Thank you, Mr Beast.
- Thank you for this!
and even put modern whiteboards
and projectors
in all of the classrooms.
Do you guys like the projector?
- Yes!
We were using a chalk
that made a lot of dust,
but today everything is clean.
We truly appreciate it.
No problem.
It's the least we could do.
But then when we flew out
to the site of the 45th well,
we realized this community
had it even harder.
Every time they need to get water,
they need to take a treacherous,
mile long hike through the jungle.
And that mile long hike also happens
to be on a giant mountain.
I wake up very early about 4:00
so that I can fetch water for the school.
We are not safe fetching water here.
That place is very slippery.
Chances of getting in
an injury is very high.
So while we worked on their well,
the community took me to see
how they currently source water.
You guys would have to make
this trip how many times a day?
- Two times.
- Two times a day...
So a typical student would carry
something like this? Yeah.
- Yeah.
- Oh, God.
If 200 students did this every day,
how hard could it be?
It could be very hard.
Oh, oh boy.
Dang, this is very steep.
We're just walking down
this mountain forever.
Every day!
It was actually surprising
how difficult this hike was.
And these people go through
all of that
just to get to this spigot.
That water is still unsafe to drink.
This is where you guys
get your water from normally.
Yes.
And filled with water,
these jugs can weigh up to 40 pounds,
which is insane for these children
to be carrying up this mountain.
The ladies can carry two of those.
Oh, I totally can as well then.
And as soon as the jugs were filled, it
was time to head all the way back up.
Hurry up.
Let's go.
He's not even sweating or anything.
No, I got it.
I got it.
And now, instead of spending hours
a day for unsafe water,
their new well is only ten feet
away from the school.
So they can just fill it up here now.
I'm too tired.
And so
we were on to the next village
where we built our 46th well,
but we ran into a little problem.
We found out
that this village is divided in half
by this huge, dangerous river.
It may not look like much now,
but when the rainy season comes,
the water comes up this high
and literally swallows this bridge.
And why this bridge is such a
big deal is the villages over there,
the hospital
and schools are over there.
So they're crossing this bridge
multiple times a day.
Despite how dangerous this bridge
is, it's their only option.
This river, when it is swollen,
it can sweep away people,
students or even animals.
In the recent past,
we have lost about three people
trying to cross this river.
This loss of life is insane
and absolutely unacceptable.
The moment we heard about this,
we knew we had to help.
So while we started work
on a new bridge
that would let them reach there,
well, we then traveled over 2000
miles from Kenya
to the country of Zimbabwe.
We've been in Africa
for over a week,
and we still have a lot more wells
to do.
- You kind of smell.
- I know. It's weird.
I showered this morning.
If you let me finish,
I can put my arms down.
Can I count on you two
to finish these wells with me?
- Yes.
- Yes, yes.
First on the agenda
was to check out a local hospital
that was in dire
need of clean water.
Upon entering,
we learned how big of an impact
this clinic had on the village.
How many kids do you guys
give birth to a year here?
In a month...
about 50.
- So 600 births a year?
- Yes.
But unfortunately,
the pregnant mothers at this clinic
have to walk over a mile
just to get water
and then carry these heavy buckets
all the way back.
However, the good news is
we paid for the construction
of a new modern well for them.
All that needed to be done now
was to turn it on.
All right, Nolan, are you ready?
I'm ready. Over.
Let me get a dramatic zoom in.
Nolan, I pressed the button.
Is it working?
It's flowing.
Do you want to go check it out?
- Yes.
- Let's do it.
I love how people are immediately
just getting water right now.
This is easily
the coolest thing ever.
Nolan here is a professional dancer.
He will join.
How do I always end up dancing?
What is he doing?
Oh, gosh.
I won't make you watch this anymore.
Besides
ensuring access to clean water,
a lot of the students
at this village lack transportation.
So we decided to give all of them
new bicycles.
I know it looks like a lot of kids,
but we bought a lot of bikes.
Full disclosure,
I don't know how to ride a bike.
Jimmy only knows how to give away
bikes.
Never learned how to ride one. Well,
that's great.
Let's break in all the new bicycles.
Three, two, one, go.
Everyone's passing me.
Be careful, I don’t know
how to ride a bike.
I don't want to hit anyone.
You want to ride it?
All right, go for it little man.
Okay.
And after giving away the bikes,
we continued
building wells
until we reach...
Well number 69!
This solar powered well
is specially designed
to aid the farmers in this village
by providing more than enough water
for all of their crops
and livestock, even during the dry
season without any electricity.
Each panel is 200 watts.
Then it's attached to a pump.
That pump can pump 5,000 liters every hour.
Basically, it's unlimited amount of
water for this entire village.
That's incredible.
And after we left Zimbabwe,
we wanted to continue to give water
to communities all across Africa.
So we built more wells in Uganda,
Somalia and Cameroon.
And if you want to see more of
what we did in Cameroon,
there's a whole video about that
coming soon, on the Philanthropy Channel.
Spending time in these villages.
Really, it made me reflect
on the importance of building
wells, how it brings water to farms
to feed the hungry,
how it provides clean conditions
for hospitals, and most importantly,
how it helps the children
of this next generation live long,
healthy lives and build the future
for all of these communities.
We await a new dawn
of clean drinking water.
Water is life.
And with some help from the locals,
we finally finished a new bridge
that this community
can use for the next 100 years.
Lives have been saved.
Families will come together.
The worries will be gone.
The hundred wells we built in this
video, will change a lot of lives,
but not enough.
Which is why, before you go,
I want to urge you all
to go to beastphilanthropy.org/wells
or click the link in description
and donate money if possible.
We're literally not profiting a dime
off this video.
100% of the money
we raise is going to go towards
building more wells like you saw
in this video all around the globe.
I know it's weird
that a YouTuber has
to do all this stuff,
but someone's got to do it.
And if no one else is,
we're going to do it.
As you can tell, it really does
change the lives of the communities
where we build them.
And finally, well,100.
Oh, my God. I'm so sorry.